We're gonna take these eggs and cook them in as many ways as we can possibly think of, so you can see the process and the end results. [cymbal crashes] Raw egg. Okay, we could start this video on all of the ways to cook eggs without also doing a few ways to not cook eggs. You know, people eat raw eggs all the time. But we're just gonna take an egg, crack it into a glass, it's nice and cold, and that is an egg shot. [dings] This is literally just an egg cracked into a class. There's nothing else going on, cheers. It doesn't actually taste like that much 'cause there's no salt or anything else in there. So it's just kind of a weird textural sensation. [cymbal crashes] Prairie oyster egg. A raw is a raw egg. But a raw egg once your put it into a cup and put little bit of salt and some Tabasco and some Worcestershire on it, well then, you have what's called the prairie oyster. [dings] Apparently this is good for a hangover, though I have my doubts. Let's give it a shot. It definitely tastes more than a raw egg. The smell is really hard to get out of your nose once you've swallowed it. But we're not done yet. [cymbal crashes] Amber Moon egg. We've had a raw egg, we've had a prairie oyster, now we're gonna make something called an Amber Moon, which is basically all of those things plus liquor. Now, it's a cocktail. [dings] Alright, there it is an Amber Moon. Bottoms up, cowboy. Hmm, it's spicy, it's salty. The only thing that's hard is actually the qunatity of liquid. But I actually think that if I was hung over and I drank this, I would either vomit and go back to bed or move on with my day in a pretty cool way. [cymbal crashes] Sunny side up egg. What we're looking for here is no color or crispiness on the white, and then a yolk that's just runny and ready to burst. We're not gonna flip it, little bit of salt, and there you have it. Our sunny side up egg. [dings] This looks like an emoji egg. The white is kind of slippery in a really appealing way and that yolk is ready to pop, it's barely gelled. This is what you want for your rice bowl or on top of something like a mushroom toast. It's delicious and very simple. [cymbal crashes] Olive oil fried egg. This time crispiness is the name of the game, so we need high heat. Throwing on my salt, and that, my friends, [dings] is an olive oil fried egg. You have this nice contrast between these really crispy lacy edges, and then right here it's just barely cooked. Mmm, so you're getting a lot of flavor from the olive oil and a nice textural contrast between the super rich, oozy yolk and this almost almost pork-rindy white. This is definitely one of our favorite ways to cook an egg. [cymbal crashes] Olive oil fried and basted egg. We're gonna fry another egg but this time we're gonna baste it. Which means we're gonna spoon hot olive oil over the top of the egg while it cooks. [pop] Ooh, yeah, that hurt. Doesn't feel good but we're not gonna be a baby about it. [dings] So the biggest difference here, where the last time we had a little bit of uncookedness right around the yolk, here it's completely cooked. Mmm, that tastes great. And this is a great way to make a friend egg for somebody who's kind of likes that runny yolk, but is squeamish about uncooked white. [cymbal crashes] Olive oil fried and steamed egg. This time instead of basting the egg with hot oil, we're gonna add a little bit of water and cover it, which is gonna produce steam that's gonna help to cook the egg. And we're gonna leave it in there for probably about a minute. [dings] So right off the bat, you're definitely seeing quite a bit of this crispy outside part and it's pretty well brown underneath. You still have that nice runniness, but again it's much thicker than some of the other yolk that we've been dealing with. Mmm, it's good. Over easy, over medium, and over hard eggs. We're gonna cook them for about two to three minutes on this first side. And the only difference between these three eggs is once we flip them, they're gonna spend different amounts of time on that second side, which is gonna dramatically change the texture of the yolk. So here we have our three [dings] classic diner eggs. So over easy, you can see the white is still super tender and then the yolk is just barely cooked. It's very fluid and runny. The over medium, the yolk is definitely a little bit more cooked, it's thicker, and kind of oozing out a lot more slowly. And here with the over hard, you can see the yolk is completely cooked. It almost looks like an eight-minute boiled egg or something like that, and the white is definitely a little bit rubbery for that one. So something for everyone. [cymbal crashes] Salt block fried egg. The idea here is that it retains a lot of heat and it'll maybe season the egg somewhat. It's also taking a really long time to cook. [dings] So there's your salt block fried egg. It's good but it's definitely not the most efficient or effective way to cook an egg. [cymbal crashes] McMuffin egg. We're gonna use a ring mold, which is gonna contain the egg so it doesn't just leak out everywhere. We want that yolk to be fully cooked 'cause you're gonna eat it in the car. [dings] And there we have a perfect egg mcmuffin egg. The main benefit of this is definitely portability and for anybody who's fully disgusted by runny yolk. [cymbal crashes] Cracked-and-scrambled egg. We're just gonna crack these eggs directly into a pan that's set over medium to medium-low heat, and we're just gonna scramble them as we go. We don't want it to be too hot, otherwise our eggs are gonna get cooked too quickly. Always make sure to pull your scrambled eggs before your think they're done to account for carryover cooking. [dings] There you have it. Cracked in a pan and scrambled. So what you're gonna notice here are these kind of distinct bits. Like that's mostly yolk, here you have mostly white. You definitely have some bits, which are a lot richer and some that are a little bit leaner, but there's nothing wrong with this method for scrambling eggs. [cymbal crashes] Low-and-slow scrambled egg. Alright, scrambled eggs round two. This time we're gonna beat them first and we're gonna cook them really low and slow, which is my favorite way to make eggs. You're continuing to stir so you don't have any kind of big sheets of egg. We want the texture to almost be like ricotta or cottage cheese. [dings] And there you have some beautiful, soft scrambled eggs. You notice that the texture is like curdy. The French would use the bavoose, which actually means dog snot. Delicious, right? There are a lot of people who would think that eggs like this are kind of undercooked. To me, this is perfect. [cymbal crashes] Hot-and-fast scrambled egg. Scrambled eggs round three, but hot and fast this time. We're gonna beat the eggs together, make sure they're fully incorporated. And you're gonna have to start moving these eggs around as soon as they hit the pan. They're gonna cook in less than a minute. Unlike last time where you had that kind of curdy texture, this time we're going for little ribbons or sheets of egg. [dings] These are our hot-and-fast scrambled eggs. These are not overcooked, they're not rubbery by any means, but you do definitely have a little bit more of the texture of the pan. It's not quite something that you would spoon up, you're really wanna get your fork in there. Put that on some toast. Boiled eggs. So we're gonna set four separate timers. Five minutes, six-and-a-half minutes, eight minutes, and ten minutes. The eggs are all gonna go at the same time into already boiling water. We're gonna pull the eggs out after these things go off, get them into ice baths, which helps separate the membrane from the actual egg itself. You can't eat a boiled egg without peeling it first. It's interesting to know that it's actually easier to peel an egg that is older rather than a super farm fresh egg. And voila, a boiled egg. [dings] Okay, so looking at all these boiled eggs, we're really able to see the way that time affects the white and the yolk. Let's start here with our five-minute egg. You can see it has an almost runny white and a completely liquid yolk. Great for dipping toast into. This is our six-and-a-half minute egg. I feel like this has the most appealing sort of contrast between that really soft yolk and a fully cooked white. Next up, our eight-minute egg. There's no running whatsoever. The yolk is still very orange and isn't chalky at all. That's really nice. And last but not least, we have our 10-minute egg. Firm whites and a yellow yolk that has just a bit of that orange jamminess. This is like the kind of thing I just wanna keep in the fridge to pull out whenever I'm super hungry. [cymbal crashes] Steamed egg. So we've boiled eggs, but now we're gonna steam them. This is effectively the same thing. Cool thing about this is you don't have to wait for a whole pot of water to boil and it doesn't matter how many eggs you put in there, they're all gonna have the same amount of steam circulating around them, which is really cool. [dings] And here we have our steamed egg. So what we have right here is a really nice looking eight-minute egg. The white is very tender, we've got this nice jammy-looking yolk. Personally, this is one of my favorite methods for hard boiling eggs. [cymbal crashes] Instant Pot egg. Welcome to hell, kids. This is an Instant Pot, it's a pressure cooker, it's a slow cooker, it does a lot of other things that you can probably do with other things you already have in your kitchen. We're gonna set this thing to five minutes. We're gonna get that egg in there and when it's done, we're gonna vent it, which releases the pressure. And there ya go. [dings] Alright, so here we have our pressure cooked egg. To me, that's an overcooked boiled egg. This actually took longer and did a worse job. So yeah, steaming, boiling, a much better option. [cymbal crashes] Sous-vide egg. Normally something is sealed inside a plastic pouch and then put into a water bath that's at a consistent temperature for a specific amount of time. In this case, no bag. The egg is it's own bag. So we're just gonna let them immersion circulator move the water around at that very consistent temperature for around 45 minutes. And we're good to go. [dings] So this is our sous-vide egg. The yolk's wiggly, the white's wiggly, everything's wiggly. Mmm, that's delicious. The sensation in your mouth is almost like an egg jelly. But if runny eggs are not your thing, this is not for you. [cymbal crashes] Pickled egg. So now we're gonna have some fun with our eight-minute boiled eggs by pickling them in a beet-infused vinegar mixture. So we've got some distilled white vinegar, a cup of water, some salt, sugar, and then we're gonna throw in some beets. And once that comes to a boil, we're gonna know our mixture is ready, put a lid on it, and boom. Now we're just gonna wait. [dings] And here we have our pickled eggs. These have been sitting in that pickling liquid for 24 hours. It's tasty, you definitely get some of the sweetness of the beet, definitely get the sugar. This would make a really nice addition to a picnic spread. [cymbal crashes] Tea egg. We're gonna take cinnamon, star anise, peppercorns, cloves, fennel seed, sugar, salt, soy sauce, and of course, tea. We've got our soft boiled eggs. We're gonna crack them all over with the back of the spoon. Then we're gonna submerge them in this liquid and let them cook for about 30 minutes. We're gonna add some ice, which is gonna cool things off, then we're gonna cover them with the marinade to let them pick up even more color over the course of the next day. [dings] Look at that beautiful tea-stained egg. It's got this stained glass-looking exterior. It's delicious. You really get those spices. This is a really fun way to eat an egg. [cymbal crashes] Poached egg, the brunch time favorite. We don't actually want this water to be boiling, it's just at the barest simmer. And then we're gonna use our spoon to create a vortex, and then we're gonna plop the egg right in it, which is gonna to kind of blast off any of the wispy parts. See now it's starting to form kind of a nice, little package. I'm actually pretty impressed with myself. This is hard to do. [dings] So here you can tell that the white is totally cooked. And when you poke it, you can tell the yolk is still nice and fluid. Almost like a yolk water balloon. This is platonic ideal of the poached egg. This is awesome. [cymbal crashes] Egg poached in tomato sauce. Basically, the idea is you have a hot, tomato-based sauce and then you're gonna create a little well in the middle of it, pop your egg right in there, and let the heat of the simmering sauce cook the eggs. In a dream world, the white is all cooked and the yolk is still a little bit runny. [dings] See, I'm kinda concerned here that the bottom part of the egg got the lion's share of the heat. The tomato sauce is kind of an imprecise cooking medium, so it's not conducting heat as consistently as a pan full of water is going to. But it does add a lot of flavor, which is exciting. I don't know, I could go either way on this one. [cymbal crashes] Microwaved scrambled eggs. We're gonna use this little egg holder to make scrambled eggs. Add a little bit of milk to help it out, and then put that in the microwave for 40 seconds. [dings] Mmm, breakfast. I gotta be real, this looks pretty gross. I don't know why you would do this, don't. [cymbal crashes] Microwaved poached egg. Microwave round two, revenge of the microwave. This time, we're gonna try to poach an egg in here. 27 seconds. [dings] That is an egg poached in the microwave? This is not good. This looks really, really gross. The microwave might save some time but it also makes bad eggs. Pass. [cymbal crashes] George Foreman egg. Alright, this is a George Foreman grill. You know it, you love it. We're gonna open this up, non-stick spray, crack an egg on there, close it, and walk away. And that, my friends, is an egg cooked on a George Foreman grill. [dings] I mean, this is a depressing way to cook an egg, ya know? It's fully cooked, the yolk is pretty gnarly looking. I mean, if you had to, you could cook an egg this way, I just, I'm really sorry. [cymbal crashes] Waffle iron egg. I mean, we've used every other appliance in the kitchen, so we may as well try a waffle iron. I'm just going to lube it up a little bit, crack an egg right in there, and close this. Now there's a lot of steam coming off of this guy. Oh my God, that is our waffle iron-cooked egg. [dings] This looks like some kind of alien, like a face hugger or something. You can definitely see that the yolk is pretty unpleasant and overcooked. I just, yeah, this is not a particularly delicious egg. Waffled egg? Not so much. [cymbal crashes] Blowtorched egg. This is an egg, this is a blowtorch. We're gonna crack this egg right on to a sheet pan, and then we're gonna cook it with our blowtorch. We've got a little diffuser on here to kind of help disperse the heat a little bit more evenly. And we're just gonna blast this thing with open flame until it's done, I guess? [dings] Oof, this, ahh, I think we can say this is not an effective way to cook an egg. [cymbal crashes] Diner-style omelet. Alright, so we've got our pan on medium heat. We're gonna put a little butter in there to heat up until it's almost browning. We really wanna beat these eggs together until we don't see any streaks of egg white. We're gonna pour the eggs in and as you can see, it's starting to cook immediately. So I'm just gonna kinda start nudging it along with my spatula, then fold it over, flip that out, and that [dings] is your diner-style omelet. So a diner-style omelet is normally kind of a blank canvas for all of the sorts of fillings that you might put into it. It's not normally about the eggs themselves. This would be delicious with some ham and peppers and cheese. [cymbal crashes] French omelet. This time we're using low heat and this is gonna come together much more slowly. We're gonna beat our eggs, get a little bit of butter in the pan, we're gonna pour our eggs in, and then we're gonna start stirring constantly. We want the kind of curdy sort of texture. As soon as we start to form a little bit of skin, we're gonna start rolling. And then we're gonna flip it out. And voila, [dings] that is a French omelet. This is a much more refined, delicate style of omelet. This is all about the egg. You don't really need to add any toppings or fillings here. Very creamy, very tender. This is a beautiful way to cook an egg. [cymbal crashes] Souffled omelet. This is a modern novelty omelet. So in this case, we're gonna separate the whites and the yolks, we're gonna beat the whites until they're fluffy like you would for a meringue, and then we're gonna fold the yolks back into the whites, transfer that to a hot pan with butter, put a plate over top to make sure the top cooks, as well. And then we're gonna fold it, flip it out onto the plate, [dings] and that is a souffled omelet. This is huge. And that's 'cause of all of the air that we beat into the eggs before we cooked them. Has a light, cakey, fluffy sort of texture. Definitely not something I'd wanna eat every day but definitely interesting. [cymbal crashes] Cloud egg. The cloud egg was kind of a novelty that was popular on Instagram for a little while. We're gonna separate the yolk from the white like we did for the souffled omelet. We're gonna dollop that on this baking sheet, and this is gonna go into the oven at 350 degrees for about 30 minutes. Now we're gonna pull it out and we're gonna drop our yolk back into that little pocket that we made, and bake it until we have the consistency of a sunny side up egg. [dings] And that, folks, is a cloud egg. This is kind of a deconstructed egg. It's a little bit high concept. This is one is interesting tasting. It's really more for the gram than it is for the mouth. [cymbal crashes] Chinese-style steamed egg custard. So here we have a couple of eggs. We're gonna mix those with some soy sauce to season it, some chicken stock. We're gonna transfer the eggs to a bowl, we're gonna put the whole bowl into the steamer basket, cover it with a plate, and then put the lid on the pot. And we're gonna let the steam kind of gently cook the entire thing until it's wobbly and custard-ey. [dings] Okay, so this is really cool. As you can see, it's pretty firm. It almost has the texture of a pie filling. Very silky, this is a win. This would be awesome if you drizzled a little bit of sesame oil on top, maybe some scallions, absolutely delicious. [cymbal crashes] Coddled egg. So what we have here is an egg coddler. It's kind of a mini pot that we're gonna put the egg in along with a little bit of cream. And then we're gonna close it up and then submerge that in barely simmering water. And there we have our flying saucer touchdown. [dings] That is a coddled egg. Alright, so we're gonna take the lid off. Ooh, that smells really good. Basically the cream helped to create a gentle cooking medium for the egg. The lid helped to trap some steam, so it cooked all the way around. What I really want is a couple of toe soldiers to dunk in there. It's very tasty. [cymbal crashes] Shirred egg. So now we're gonna make a shirred egg, which is similar to a coddled egg but this time, it's gonna be open, in a ramekin, and in the oven. We're gonna pop that in a 375 degree oven between 12 and 15 minutes. [dings] I can tell that we overcooked this one a little bit. But you still have a little bit of that oozing, egg yolk. It's kind of cute. Might be more delicious if you added a little bit of cheese, made it like a little egg pot for brunch. Still has good flavor. This is a nice, little self-contained dish. [cymbal crashes] Air-fried egg. Alright, we couldn't not use an air fryer. An air fryer is basically a tiny convection oven. So we've got a ramekin all buttered up. We're gonna crack our egg into it, little bit of salt, little bit of cream, open our air fryer and put this guy right in there and close it. We're gonna set it to 300 degrees for 12 minutes and see [dings] what comes out on the other side. So this actually has a similar-ish texture to the shirred egg, except it's definitely a lot more rubbery. It's actually fairly tasty. It took 12 minutes. You could easily fry an egg in that amount of time on the stove top and not have to deal with this ridiculous contraption. [cymbal crashes] Deep-fried egg. I'm gonna crack an egg into this ladle and then try to get it in there from as far away as I can possibly get. 'Cause I'm worried this is gonna just explode all over me. Wow, it looks like a weird jellyfish. [dings] That my friends, is a deep-fried egg. This is definitely a dangerous way to make eggs. But honestly, that's surprisingly good. This might be America's best new egg. [cymbal crashes] Dehydrated egg. First things first, we're gonna blend these eggs up really well, then we're gonna pour them into this nice little rack with a lip, close the door, and turn the dehydrator on for about six hours. [dings] Oh God, it looks like fried cheese. I've read that some people dehydrate eggs and then take them camping. But unless you're hiking the Appalachian trail, I don't think this is a very good way to cook eggs. [cymbal crashes] Frittata. So now we're gonna make a frittata, which is basically just a quiche without a crust. We're gonna crack some eggs, beat them together, add salt, two ounces of milk, just to lighten it up. So we're gonna start on the stove top, medium-high heat, just until the edges start to set, and then finish in a 350 degree oven for about 15 minutes until it's golden brown and the center is set. [dings] This is basically just baked egg. The egg is fairly tender. It really wants some cheese and other things in here. Otherwise, it's really not that much to write home about. [cymbal crashes] Frozen egg? We've got an egg. We've got a skewer. We're gonna put the skewer into the egg and then freeze it to make like an egg popsicle, I guess? Okay, yeah, that is a frozen egg. I think we're gonna have to dunk it in some hot water to peel it. Ohh, oh no. [dings] It is an egg lollipop. And it is starting to thaw a little bit, which is very, very gross, ugh. Do I really have to? Oh no, ugh, that is so unpleasant. Just don't. [cymbal crashes] Dishwasher-cooked egg. Dishwashers get hot, they fill up with steam, so maybe that's a way to cook eggs. We're gonna close it, set this dishwasher for the tough setting and three hours later, steamy town. [dings] Okay, this is very, very strange. It looks kind of like the six-and-a-half minute egg that we did earlier, but the yolk cooked more than the white did. I don't understand the science behind that but something weird happened in that dishwasher. But it definitely works and is kind of weirdly good. Maybe the next time you're gonna run your dishwasher, throw a couple of eggs in there and you've got lunch. [cymbal crashes] Rice cooker egg. Alright, let's say you made some rice in the rice cooker. But you wanna that into something that's a little bit more like a complete meal. Maybe you just wanna open it up and crack egg right on top of that rice, cook it right there. That doesn't sounds like a bad idea. We're gonna check this after five minutes. [dings] Alright, so this looks like a pretty perfectly cooked egg. The white is just barely set, the yolk just oozes out. Oh, that's so delicious. It's actually kind of been perfumed by the rice and it has a beautiful, almost nutty quality to it. This is really cool and really delicious way to cook an egg. If you got a rice cooker, you've got everything you need to make it happen. [cymbal crashes] Egg cooker-cooked egg. This is an egg cooker. You load it up with eggs, you close the lid, you turn it on, and it steams some eggs for you, I guess. [dings] Here we have an egg that we cooked in the egg cooker. This looks pretty much exactly like any of our other cooked-in-shell eggs we made. The question is do you really want a UFO hanging out on your counter that only has one purpose? It's not a bad way to cook an egg, there's just no reason to cook an egg this way. [cymbal crashes] Rollie-cooked egg. More things you can buy on Amazon. I don't know, apparently you put the eggs in here and then they just come out when it's done. Did you hear that? It just made the weirdest noise. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, oh my God. [dings] It looks like it's in a condom. This is the most disgusting egg thing we have made all day, I am sure of it. Oh God, it has a horrible flavor. It tastes like bad seafood. [laughs] I don't know why, it tastes plastic-ey. This is a horrible. [cymbal crashes] Oven cooked eggs. Alright, so people have a whole lot of different hack techniques for making all kinds of different eggs in the oven. We're gonna try three right now. So on your right, we're just gonna try to make a hard boiled egg. These next two, we're gonna butter them. In this middle one, we're gonna put a little bit of water in, crack the egg in there, and try to make a poached egg. On the left, we're gonna crack an egg right in here, add a little bit of salt, a little bit of cream, and then beat that up to try to make a scrambled egg. Then we're gonna take this whole muffin tin, slide it into a 350 degree oven for about 12 minutes. [dings] After 12 minutes, this looks more like a six-and-a-half minute egg. And this next one, that didn't really accomplish anything like a poached egg. And then here we have our scrambled egg, which is really just kind of like a mini frittata sort of guy, which looks kind of gross. I mean, these oven hacked methods are not really more convenient or more delicious. [cymbal crashes] Egg cooked in broth. So we're gonna season this chicken broth that we have here, bring it up to a simmer, beat two eggs up really well, and then we're gonna gently just stream these into the hot broth, so that it produces these kind of ribbons. [dings] And this is our egg cooked in broth. The strands are a little bit broken up, but you still have these very delicately cooked egg bits floating in a lot of delicious broth. The egg adds a nice texture and it lends it a nice richness, and the egg itself is really delicate and slippery. This is really fun. Ah, the great outdoors. Except for the fact that it's 27 degrees, but we're not gonna let a little cold stop us. [cymbal crashes] Grilled egg. Alright, we're gonna grill an egg on a gas-powered grill. We're gonna turn the flames on high. We're gonna cook this for between 10 and 15 minutes. I mean, [dings] good enough for who it's for. You know, it's actually not peeling as hard as I thought it was going to. That's definitely a little bit uneven. A little bit of salt. You know, it's not that bad. You could cook an egg this way, but you'd probably wanna rotate it just so it cooks a little bit more evenly. [cymbal crashes] Smoked egg. Okay, the idea here is that instead of cooking it over direct heat, we're gonna let the smoke and the indirect heat cook the egg over a longer period of time, around an hour. The coals are all off to one side and the smoke should circulate around slowly cooking the egg. [dings] This egg after an hour is definitely a little bit overcooked. Mmm, that's pretty, you actually get a little bit of the smoked flavor. The texture is pretty bad. I would be worried that if we backed off on the time, we wouldn't get that smoked flavor, so there's a little bit of a trade-off there. [cymbal crashes] Alright, we got a campfire going right now. We're gonna knock that down to create a little shelf for our cast iron pan. We're gonna give it a drizzle of olive oil and crack our egg in there. I'm actually just a little bit worried that that top is never gonna cook just because of how cold the air is. So I'm just gonna call an audible and give this a flip real quick just to speed the cooking of the yolk along a little bit. [dings] Okay, you can see that that underside, where it was in direct contact with the pan, really took on a lot of color. Mmm, but that's actually delicious. And the whole thing has a very smoky flavor and aroma. It's very appealing. If you're trying to cook an egg outside on the campfire, a cast iron is definitely a really good option. [cymbal crashes] Foil pack egg. So we've got our little foil pack here. We're gonna spray it with some cooking spray. This feels very dangerous. We're gonna crack an egg right in this pouch, fold it up, and put it directly on the fire, and see what happens. I mean, it's really puffed up in a pretty insane way. We're just, let's just call this. [dings] Okay, so here we have our foil packed egg. For whatever reason, it smells terrible. I don't know if the aluminum burned or there was some kind of chemical reaction or something like that, but this egg is evil, it is haunted, I am not eating it. [cymbal crashes] Hot coal-cooked egg? Alright, just out of curiosity, I wanna see what happens if I bury an egg directly in the coals. And after a few minutes, we'll just check on it. [loud pop] Oh God, oh. [dings] Okay. That was a disaster. Here we have an exploded egg. This was not a good idea. I did this so you didn't have to. Just don't do this unless it's a prank. [cymbal crashes] Sauna-cooked egg. We've got an egg and we've got this portable sauna. And I'm just gonna hop in here with my egg and hopefully it's just gonna cook along with me. [woman laughing] [dings] And here have our sauna-cooked egg. If that was a real sauna and it was 180 degrees, then we probably, over the course of many, many hours, would have cooked an egg. So let's see how far we got. That's a raw egg. Sauna egg, fail. [cymbal crashes] Engine cooked egg? I've been revving the engine of this for the last 30 minutes to heat things up. We're gonna situate this foil pack next to the engine block and close the hood. Alright, let's see what we've got. Okay, this feels disconcertingly not warm. [dings] Here's our car engine egg. It seems as though it was starting to cook a little bit. It definitely looks weirder than it was. Yeah, I can't recommend this. [cymbal crashes] Solar oven egg. The whole idea behind this device is it's somehow going to conduct the heat of the sun and trap it in this environment to create a space that will cook an egg like an oven. Okay, it's been three hours, there's no more sunlight, so we're gonna see what we got. [dings] Yeah, this also is not really a cooked egg. There is almost a little bit of white along the edge that started to cook. I think maybe if we left it out there for another four hours and maybe we were in Miami then maybe something would have happened. But it is just not happening today. Solar fail. Alright, a few takeaways. There are a lot of ways to cook eggs. And the smallest changes in time and temperature are gonna have a really profound effect on the texture of an egg, the way that it tastes. The other thing that we've seen is that there are a lot of classic kind of fool-proof ways for making a delicious egg and I don't know that any of the novel methods that we used for cooking them were really any kind of an improvement. And that's it. That's almost every to cook an egg. If you've got other ways that we didn't think of, feel free to leave them in the comments. Meanwhile, I'm gonna go get my cholesterol checked.